# Create CameraCtrl Poses (Combo) 🎭🅐🅓②
## Documentation
- Class name: ADE_CameraPoseCombo
- Category: Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/② Gen2 nodes ②/CameraCtrl/poses
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved.git

The ADE_CameraPoseCombo node is designed to create complex camera control poses by combining multiple motion types along with their respective intensities. It allows customization of camera movement within an animation sequence, resulting in dynamic and detailed camera behavior.

## Input types
### Required
- motion_type1
    - Specify the first camera motion type to include in the combination. Each motion type contributes to the overall camera movement pattern.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- motion_type2
    - Specify the second camera motion type to include in the combination, adding complexity to the camera movement.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- motion_type3
    - Specify the third camera motion type, further enriching the camera's movement pattern.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- motion_type4
    - Specify the fourth camera motion type, contributing to the diversity of camera movement.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- motion_type5
    - Specify the fifth camera motion type, adding another layer of complexity to camera movement.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- motion_type6
    - Specify the sixth camera motion type, completing the set of combined camera controls.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[STRING]
    - Python dtype: str
- speed
    - Controls the speed of the camera movement, affecting how quickly the camera transitions between poses.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- frame_length
    - Determine the number of frames over which the camera movement occurs, defining the animation duration.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

### Optional
- prev_poses
    - Optional. A previous camera pose that can be combined with the new motion to achieve seamless transitions in the animation. This input is crucial for creating smooth and continuous camera movement, especially in scenes where narrative or visual continuity is required.
    - Comfy dtype: CAMERACTRL_POSES
    - Python dtype: list[list[float]]

## Output types
- cameractrl_poses
    - Comfy dtype: CAMERACTRL_POSES
    - The resulting camera control pose, generated by combining the specified motions and intensities, ready for animation.
    - Python dtype: list[list[float]]

## Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU
- Common nodes: unknown

## Source code
```python
class CameraCtrlPoseCombo:
    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        return {
            "required": {
                "motion_type1": (CAM._LIST,),
                "motion_type2": (CAM._LIST,),
                "motion_type3": (CAM._LIST,),
                "motion_type4": (CAM._LIST,),
                "motion_type5": (CAM._LIST,),
                "motion_type6": (CAM._LIST,),
                "speed": ("FLOAT", {"default": 1.0, "min": -100.0, "max": 100.0, "step": 0.01}),
                "frame_length": ("INT", {"default": 16}),
            },
            "optional": {
                "prev_poses": ("CAMERACTRL_POSES",),
            }
        }

    RETURN_TYPES = ("CAMERACTRL_POSES",)
    FUNCTION = "camera_pose_combo"
    CATEGORY = "Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/② Gen2 nodes ②/CameraCtrl/poses"

    def camera_pose_combo(self,
                          motion_type1: str, motion_type2: str, motion_type3: str,
                          motion_type4: str, motion_type5: str, motion_type6: str,
                          speed: float, frame_length: int,
                          prev_poses: list[list[float]]=None,
                          strength1=1.0, strength2=1.0, strength3=1.0, strength4=1.0, strength5=1.0, strength6=1.0):
        combined_motion = CameraMotion.combine([
            CAM.get(motion_type1).multiply(strength1), CAM.get(motion_type2).multiply(strength2), CAM.get(motion_type3).multiply(strength3),
            CAM.get(motion_type4).multiply(strength4), CAM.get(motion_type5).multiply(strength5), CAM.get(motion_type6).multiply(strength6)
            ])
        RT = get_camera_motion(combined_motion.rotate, combined_motion.translate, speed, frame_length)
        new_motion = ndarray_to_poses(RT=RT)
        if prev_poses is not None:
            new_motion = combine_poses(prev_poses, new_motion)
        return (new_motion,)