# Documentation
- Class name: FreeInitOptionsNode
- Category: Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/iteration opts
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved.git

FreeInitOptionsNode is designed to facilitate the creation of iteration options for the animation process, focusing on optimizing the initialization phase with customizable filters and parameters to improve the quality and characteristics of the animation.

# Input types
## Required
- iterations
    - The number of iterations is crucial for determining the scope of the animation process. It decides how many times the process will be repeated, affecting the overall result and level of detail of the animation.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- filter
    - The filter parameters are essential for applying specific types of noise to the animation, which can significantly affect the stylization results of the animation and the smoothness of transitions between frames.
    - Comfy dtype: FreeInitFilter.LIST
    - Python dtype: Union[str, comfy.sample.FreeInitFilter]
- d_s
    - The d_s parameter plays a key role in controlling the spatial frequency of the noise applied to the animation, which can affect the texture and details of the final output.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- d_t
    - The d_t parameter is important for adjusting the temporal frequency of the noise, which affects how noise changes over time and its contribution to the animation dynamics.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- n_butterworth
    - The n_butterworth parameter is important for defining the number of Butterworth filters to use, which can refine the quality of noise and its impact on the clarity of the animation.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- sigma_step
    - The sigma_step parameter is crucial for determining the steps for applying sigma values, which can affect the intensity and progression of noise throughout the animation.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- apply_to_1st_iter
    - The apply_to_1st_iter flag is important for deciding whether to apply initialization settings to the first iteration. This can affect the starting point of the animation and its initial appearance.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
- init_type
    - The init_type parameter determines the initialization method used for the animation, which can significantly change the starting characteristics of the animation and the behavior of the entire animation process.
    - Comfy dtype: FreeInitOptions.LIST
    - Python dtype: str
## Optional
- iter_batch_offset
    - The iter_batch_offset parameter, although optional, can be used to adjust the batch offset of iterations, which helps manage the order of animation frames and their processing sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- iter_seed_offset
    - The iter_seed_offset parameter is also optional, allowing adjustment of the seed offset for iterations, which can introduce variation in the animation sequence and affect the randomness of the output.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- iteration_options
    - The iteration options generated by this node are crucial for guiding the subsequent steps of the animation process, setting the foundation for frame generation and optimization.
    - Comfy dtype: ITERATION_OPTS
    - Python dtype: FreeInitOptions

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class FreeInitOptionsNode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'iterations': ('INT', {'default': 2, 'min': 1}), 'filter': (FreeInitFilter.LIST,), 'd_s': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.25, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'd_t': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.25, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'n_butterworth': ('INT', {'default': 4, 'min': 1, 'max': 100}), 'sigma_step': ('INT', {'default': 999, 'min': 1, 'max': 999}), 'apply_to_1st_iter': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False}), 'init_type': (FreeInitOptions.LIST,)}, 'optional': {'iter_batch_offset': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': BIGMAX}), 'iter_seed_offset': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': BIGMIN, 'max': BIGMAX})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('ITERATION_OPTS',)
    CATEGORY = 'Animate Diff 🎭🅐🅓/iteration opts'
    FUNCTION = 'create_iter_opts'

    def create_iter_opts(self, iterations: int, filter: str, d_s: float, d_t: float, n_butterworth: int, sigma_step: int, apply_to_1st_iter: bool, init_type: str, iter_batch_offset: int=0, iter_seed_offset: int=1):
        iter_opts = FreeInitOptions(iterations=iterations, step=sigma_step, apply_to_1st_iter=apply_to_1st_iter, filter=filter, d_s=d_s, d_t=d_t, n=n_butterworth, init_type=init_type, iter_batch_offset=iter_batch_offset, iter_seed_offset=iter_seed_offset)
        return (iter_opts,)
```