# Documentation
- Class name: LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode
- Category: Context
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-AnimateDiff-Evolved.git

LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode aims to provide convenience for creating context options in a uniform loop mode. It abstracts the complexity of setting context parameters, allowing simplified management of context in the system. This node emphasizes usability and the ability to generate consistent context configurations.

# Input types
## Required
- context_length
    - The context_length parameter defines the length of the context window, which is crucial for determining the range of data being processed. It plays an important role in the node's execution by influencing the granularity of the context.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_stride
    - The context_stride parameter determines the step size between consecutive context windows, which is essential for controlling the overlap and distribution of contexts. It affects how the node processes and organizes data within the context.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_overlap
    - The context_overlap parameter specifies the amount of overlap between adjacent context windows, which is important for ensuring continuity and reducing gaps in data coverage. It is a key factor in the node's ability to maintain data integrity across contexts.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- context_schedule
    - The context_schedule parameter outlines the schedule for processing contexts, which is critical for determining the order and timing of context operations. It is part of the node's capability to effectively coordinate context workflows.
    - Comfy dtype: ContextSchedules.LEGACY_UNIFORM_SCHEDULE_LIST
    - Python dtype: ContextSchedules
- closed_loop
    - The closed_loop parameter indicates whether context processing should run in a closed loop, which is important for establishing a cyclic pattern in context handling. It affects how the node manages repetitive context tasks.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
## Optional
- fuse_method
    - The fuse_method parameter determines the method for fusing contexts, which may be important for optimizing the node's performance when handling multiple contexts. It provides flexibility in how contexts are combined during node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: ContextFuseMethod.LIST
    - Python dtype: ContextFuseMethod
- use_on_equal_length
    - The use_on_equal_length parameter specifies whether a specific action should be taken when context lengths are equal, influencing the node's decision-making process in context management.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool
- start_percent
    - The start_percent parameter sets the percentage at which context processing should begin, which can affect the starting point of contexts within a dataset.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- guarantee_steps
    - The guarantee_steps parameter ensures that at least a certain number of steps are taken during context processing, which is crucial for maintaining the node's reliability in providing consistent results.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- prev_context
    - The prev_context parameter allows previous context options to be incorporated into the current operation, enabling the node to build upon existing context configurations.
    - Comfy dtype: CONTEXT_OPTIONS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptionsGroup
- view_opts
    - The view_opts parameter provides options for viewing contexts, which may be important for displaying and analyzing context data during node operations.
    - Comfy dtype: VIEW_OPTS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptions

# Output types
- CONTEXT_OPTS
    - The CONTEXT_OPTS output represents the context options generated by the node, containing parameters and settings that will guide subsequent context processing.
    - Comfy dtype: CONTEXT_OPTIONS
    - Python dtype: ContextOptions

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class LegacyLoopedUniformContextOptionsNode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'context_length': ('INT', {'default': 16, 'min': 1, 'max': LENGTH_MAX}), 'context_stride': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': STRIDE_MAX}), 'context_overlap': ('INT', {'default': 4, 'min': 0, 'max': OVERLAP_MAX}), 'context_schedule': (ContextSchedules.LEGACY_UNIFORM_SCHEDULE_LIST,), 'closed_loop': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}, 'optional': {'fuse_method': (ContextFuseMethod.LIST, {'default': ContextFuseMethod.FLAT}), 'use_on_equal_length': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False}), 'start_percent': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'guarantee_steps': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 0, 'max': BIGMAX}), 'prev_context': ('CONTEXT_OPTIONS',), 'view_opts': ('VIEW_OPTS',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('CONTEXT_OPTIONS',)
    RETURN_NAMES = ('CONTEXT_OPTS',)
    CATEGORY = ''
    FUNCTION = 'create_options'

    def create_options(self, fuse_method: str=ContextFuseMethod.FLAT, context_schedule: str=None, **kwargs):
        return LoopedUniformContextOptionsNode.create_options(self, fuse_method=fuse_method, **kwargs)
```