# Documentation
- Class name: BatchValueSchedule
- Category: FizzNodes 📅🅕🅝/BatchScheduleNodes
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/FizzleDorf/ComfyUI_FizzNodes

The BatchValueSchedule node is designed to manage and interpolate keyframe values within a specified frame range. It processes text input representing keyframes and interpolates for each frame up to the maximum frame count, providing smooth transitions between specified values. This node is particularly useful for creating dynamic sequences where the exact value of each frame is not predetermined but calculated based on given keyframes.

# Input types
## Required
- text
    - The text parameter is a string that defines animation keyframes. It is critical as it directly affects the values that will be interpolated across the frame sequence. The format should be properly structured to ensure accurate interpolation.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- max_frames
    - The max_frames parameter specifies the upper limit of frame count to consider for interpolation. It is an important parameter as it determines the range over which keyframe values are distributed.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
## Optional
- print_output
    - The print_output parameter is an optional boolean that, when set to True, prints the interpolation results to the console. This is helpful for debugging to verify the interpolated output.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool

# Output types
- interpolated_values
    - The interpolated_values output provides the computed value for each frame based on the keyframes and interpolation method. This output is important as it represents the final sequence of values generated by the node.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: List[float]
- frame_numbers
    - The frame_numbers output is a list of frame numbers corresponding to the interpolated values. It is useful for mapping generated values back to their respective frames for further processing or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: List[int]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class BatchValueSchedule:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'text': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': defaultValue}), 'max_frames': ('INT', {'default': 120.0, 'min': 1.0, 'max': 999999.0, 'step': 1.0}), 'print_output': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('FLOAT', 'INT')
    FUNCTION = 'animate'
    CATEGORY = 'FizzNodes 📅🅕🅝/BatchScheduleNodes'

    def animate(self, text, max_frames, print_output):
        t = batch_get_inbetweens(batch_parse_key_frames(text, max_frames), max_frames)
        if print_output is True:
            print('ValueSchedule: ', t)
        return (t, list(map(int, t)))
```