# Documentation
- Class name: CircularVAEDecode
- Category: latent
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/spinagon/ComfyUI-seamless-tiling

The CircularVAEDecode node is designed to perform the decoding process of a Variational Autoencoder (VAE) and can apply circular padding to convolutional layers to enhance the tiling characteristics of generated images. This node aims to improve the coherence and visual quality of decoded images by considering the spatial periodicity of the input data.

# Input types
## Required
- samples
    - The "samples" parameter is critical because it provides the latent representation that the node uses to reconstruct images. This is a key input that directly affects the node's output, determining the quality and characteristics of the generated image.
    - Comfy dtype: LATENT
    - Python dtype: Tensor
- vae
    - The "vae" parameter represents the pre-trained VAE model that the node uses to perform the decoding process. It is a fundamental component of the node's operation, as the architecture and training of the model directly affect the node's ability to generate high-quality images.
    - Comfy dtype: VAE
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- tiling
    - The "tiling" parameter controls the application of circular padding in the convolutional layers of the VAE model, which can significantly affect the tiling characteristics of the generated images. It allows customizing the node's behavior according to the desired characteristics of the output image.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO
    - Python dtype: str

# Output types
- IMAGE
    - The output of the CircularVAEDecode node is the image generated by decoding the provided latent representation. This image is the direct result of the node's operation, reflecting the effectiveness of the VAE model and the selected tiling parameters in reconstructing the image.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class CircularVAEDecode:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'samples': ('LATENT',), 'vae': ('VAE',), 'tiling': (['enable', 'x_only', 'y_only', 'disable'],)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'decode'
    CATEGORY = 'latent'

    def decode(self, samples, vae, tiling):
        vae_copy = copy.deepcopy(vae)
        if tiling == 'enable':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, True, True)
        elif tiling == 'x_only':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, True, False)
        elif tiling == 'y_only':
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, False, True)
        else:
            make_circular_asymm(vae_copy.first_stage_model, False, False)
        result = (vae_copy.decode(samples['samples']),)
        return result
```