# Documentation
- Class name: CR_MakeBatchFromImageList
- Category: Comfyroll/List/Utils
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_MakeBatchFromImageList node aims to receive a series of images and efficiently merge them into a batch tensor. This process simplifies the processing of image data, making the image processing workflow more efficient. The node's function plays a key role in optimizing the conversion from single image files to a format suitable for batch operations, thereby improving the overall performance and efficiency of the image processing pipeline.

# Input types
## Required
- image_list
    - The image_list parameter is a key input of the node, representing the collection of image data to be batched. This parameter directly affects the node's operation by determining the content and structure of the output batch tensor. image_list is crucial for the node to perform its intended function of creating image batches for further processing.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: List[torch.Tensor]

# Output types
- image_batch
    - The image_batch output is the concatenated tensor representing the batch of images generated by the node. It is the direct result of the node's operation and is significant for subsequent image processing tasks that require batch data. This output enables the image processing pipeline to seamlessly continue with the necessary batch format.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- show_help
    - The show_help output provides a URL link to documentation for further assistance. It serves as a useful resource for users who may need additional guidance on how to use the node or understand its functionality. This output is particularly helpful for new users or when troubleshooting issues related to the node's operation.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_MakeBatchFromImageList:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'image_list': ('IMAGE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('image_batch', 'show_help')
    INPUT_IS_LIST = True
    FUNCTION = 'make_batch'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/List/Utils')

    def make_batch(self, image_list):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/List-Nodes#cr-binary-to-list'
        if len(image_list) <= 1:
            return (image_list,)
        batched_images = torch.cat(image_list, dim=0)
        return (batched_images, show_help)
```