# Documentation
- Class name: CR_IntegerRangeList
- Category: Comfyroll/List
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_IntegerRangeList node generates a list of integers within a specified range, with customizable start, end, and step parameters. It can also adapt to a "ping-pong" behavior, reversing the range in alternating iterations for more varied output. This node plays a key role when a sequence of integer values is needed for further processing or iteration.

# Input types
## Required
- start
- The 'start' parameter defines the beginning of the integer range. It is crucial because it determines the starting point of the sequence generated by the node, affecting the overall output sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- end
- The 'end' parameter specifies the end of the integer range. It is critical because it determines the last number in the generated sequence, thereby affecting the range's length.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- step
- The 'step' parameter sets the increment between each integer in the range. It is important because it controls the spacing between numbers, affecting the density of the generated sequence.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- loops
- The 'loops' parameter determines how many times the range is repeated or iterated. It is important because it affects the total number of numbers produced by the node.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- ping_pong
- The 'ping_pong' parameter introduces an alternating mode where the range is reversed each iteration. It is important because it can introduce variability into the sequence, which may be necessary for some applications.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool

# Output types
- INT
- The 'INT' output provides a list of integers generated within the specified range based on the input parameters. It is important because it represents the node's primary output, ready for further use or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: List[int]
- show_help
- The 'show_help' output provides a URL link to documentation for additional help. It is useful for users seeking further information or guidance on how to use the node effectively.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_IntegerRangeList:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'start': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': -99999, 'max': 99999}), 'end': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': -99999, 'max': 99999}), 'step': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': 99999}), 'loops': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': 999}), 'ping_pong': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('INT', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('INT', 'show_help')
    OUTPUT_IS_LIST = (True, False)
    FUNCTION = 'make_range'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/List')

    def make_range(self, start, end, step, loops, ping_pong):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/List-Nodes#cr-list-schedule'
        range_values = list()
        for i in range(loops):
            current_range = list(range(start, end, step))
            if ping_pong:
                if i % 2 == 1:
                    range_values += reversed(current_range)
                else:
                    range_values += current_range
            else:
                range_values += current_range
        return (range_values, show_help)
```