# Documentation
- Class name: CR_RandomMultilineColors
- Category: Comfyroll/Utils/Random
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

The CR_RandomMultilineColors node is designed to generate a multiline string containing random color codes. Its purpose is to provide a diverse set of color codes that can be used in various applications such as design, visualization, or any scenario requiring a random color palette. The node's functionality centers on creating color codes in different formats based on the specified value type, making it versatile and adaptable to different needs.

# Input types
## Required
- seed
    - The seed parameter is crucial for ensuring reproducibility of the random color generation process. By setting a seed, users can obtain the same set of random colors across different runs, which is particularly useful for testing or when consistent results are required.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- value_type
    - The value_type parameter determines the format of the color codes generated by the node. It allows users to specify whether they want colors in hexadecimal format, RGB format, or colors from the matplotlib xkcd color set. This flexibility caters to a wide range of use cases and preferences.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['rgb', 'hex color', 'matplotlib xkcd']
    - Python dtype: str
- rows
    - The rows parameter determines the number of lines of color codes the node will generate. This allows users to control the quantity of color codes produced, which can be adjusted according to the specific requirements of the application or project.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- multiline_text
    - The multiline_text output contains the generated random color code string. Each line represents a separate color code in the format specified by the value_type parameter. This output is important as it is the primary result of the node's operation, providing the user with the desired random color palette.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- show_help
    - The show_help output provides a URL link to the node's documentation page. This is particularly useful for users who need additional information or guidance on how to use the node or interpret its results.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_RandomMultilineColors:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        types = ['rgb', 'hex color', 'matplotlib xkcd']
        return {'required': {'seed': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 18446744073709551615}), 'value_type': (types,), 'rows': ('INT', {'default': 5, 'min': 1, 'max': 2048})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('multiline_text', 'show_help')
    FUNCTION = 'generate'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/Utils/Random')

    def generate(self, value_type, rows, seed):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/Other-Nodes#cr-random-multiline-colors'
        random.seed(seed)
        xkcd_colors = mcolors.XKCD_COLORS
        if value_type == 'hex color':
            choice_str = '0123456789ABCDEF'
        if value_type == 'hex color':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join(['#' + ''.join((random.choice(choice_str) for _ in range(6))) for _ in range(rows)])
        elif value_type == 'rgb':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join([f'{random.randint(0, 255)},{random.randint(0, 255)},{random.randint(0, 255)}' for _ in range(rows)])
        elif value_type == 'matplotlib xkcd':
            multiline_text = '\n'.join([random.choice(list(xkcd_colors.keys())).replace('xkcd:', '') for _ in range(rows)])
        else:
            pass
        return (multiline_text, show_help)
```