# Documentation
- Class name: CR_TextScheduler
- Category: Comfyroll/Animation/Schedulers
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/RockOfFire/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes

CR_TextScheduler is a node for managing and interpolating text prompts based on a schedule. It allows users to define default text and schedule formats, enabling the creation of dynamic prompts that change as the project or scene progresses, based on a predefined list of keyframes. This node is essential for generating context-aware text that adapts to the progression of a project or scene.

# Input types
## Required
- mode
    - The mode parameter determines whether the scheduler operates in default text mode or schedule mode. This choice affects how the node processes input to generate output text.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['Default Text', 'Schedule']
    - Python dtype: str
- current_frame
    - The current_frame parameter specifies the point in time or the current point in the animation for which the text prompt needs to be generated. It is critical for the scheduler to determine the correct text based on the keyframe list.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
## Optional
- schedule_alias
    - The schedule_alias parameter is used to identify a specific schedule within the scheduler. This is especially important when managing multiple schedules simultaneously.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- default_text
    - The default_text parameter sets the initial or fallback text to be used when no specific text is scheduled for the current frame.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- schedule_format
    - The schedule_format parameter determines the structure and syntax of the schedule data. It is essential for correctly parsing and interpreting the keyframe list.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['CR', 'Deforum']
    - Python dtype: str
- schedule
    - The schedule parameter contains the list of keyframes that define the timeline and associated text prompts for the scheduler to follow.
    - Comfy dtype: SCHEDULE
    - Python dtype: List[str]

# Output types
- text_out
    - The text_out parameter represents the resulting text prompt generated by the scheduler based on the current frame and the defined schedule.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- show_help
    - The show_help parameter provides a URL link to documentation or a help page related to the node's operation, offering additional guidance to users.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class CR_TextScheduler:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        modes = ['Default Text', 'Schedule']
        return {'required': {'mode': (modes,), 'current_frame': ('INT', {'default': 0.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 9999.0, 'step': 1.0}), 'schedule_alias': ('STRING', {'default': '', 'multiline': False}), 'default_text': ('STRING', {'multiline': False, 'default': 'default text'}), 'schedule_format': (['CR', 'Deforum'],)}, 'optional': {'schedule': ('SCHEDULE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING', 'STRING')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('STRING', 'show_help')
    FUNCTION = 'schedule'
    CATEGORY = icons.get('Comfyroll/Animation/Schedulers')

    def schedule(self, mode, current_frame, schedule_alias, default_text, schedule_format, schedule=None):
        show_help = 'https://github.com/Suzie1/ComfyUI_Comfyroll_CustomNodes/wiki/Scheduler-Nodes#cr-text-scheduler'
        if mode == 'Default Text':
            print(f'[Info] CR Text Scheduler: Scheduler {schedule_alias} is disabled')
            text_out = default_text
            return (text_out, show_help)
        params = keyframe_scheduler(schedule, schedule_alias, current_frame)
        if params == '':
            if current_frame == 0:
                print(f'[Warning] CR Text Scheduler. No frame 0 found in schedule. Starting with default value at frame 0')
            text_out = (default_value,)
        else:
            try:
                text_out = params
            except ValueError:
                print(f'[Warning] CR Text Scheduler. Invalid params: {params}')
                return ()
        return (text_out, show_help)
```