# Documentation
- Class name: IPAdapterEncoder
- Category: ipadapter/embeds
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/cubiq/ComfyUI_IPAdapter_plus.git

The IPAdapterEncoder node is designed to process and encode image data using a pre-trained CLIPVision model. It leverages the power of the CLIPVision architecture to generate embeddings that capture semantic information in images. The node is capable of processing both conditional and unconditional embeddings based on the presence of masks and weight parameters, allowing fine-tuning of the influence of image content on the generated embeddings.

# Input types
## Required
- ipadapter
    - The ipadapter parameter is critical to the node's operation, as it provides the model used for encoding image data. It is expected to be a dictionary containing the model information required for the encoding process. The presence of this parameter ensures the node can access the necessary model to generate embeddings.
    - Comfy dtype: IPADAPTER
    - Python dtype: Dict[str, Any]
- image
    - The image parameter is required, as it represents the input data the node will process. It is expected to be an image tensor that the node will encode into embeddings. The quality and format of the image data directly impact the node's ability to generate meaningful embeddings.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- weight
    - The weight parameter allows adjusting the influence of image content on the generated embeddings. It is a float that, when not equal to 1, can scale the embeddings to emphasize or de-emphasize certain aspects of the image data.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
## Optional
- mask
    - The optional mask parameter can be used to apply a spatial mask to the image data before encoding. This can be useful for focusing the node's attention on specific regions of the image or excluding irrelevant parts of the image from the encoding process.
    - Comfy dtype: MASK
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- clip_vision
    - The clip_vision parameter is an optional model that can be provided to the node for encoding image data. If not provided, the node will use the model specified in the ipadapter parameter. This allows using different CLIPVision models for different encoding tasks.
    - Comfy dtype: CLIP_VISION
    - Python dtype: Any

# Output types
- pos_embed
    - The pos_embed output represents the conditional embeddings generated by the node. These embeddings are influenced by the image data and any masks applied, capturing semantic information in the image.
    - Comfy dtype: EMBEDS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- neg_embed
    - The neg_embed output provides unconditional embeddings, which are generated without considering the image content. These embeddings can serve as a baseline or reference point for comparison with the conditional embeddings.
    - Comfy dtype: EMBEDS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class IPAdapterEncoder:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'ipadapter': ('IPADAPTER',), 'image': ('IMAGE',), 'weight': ('FLOAT', {'default': 1.0, 'min': -1.0, 'max': 3.0, 'step': 0.01})}, 'optional': {'mask': ('MASK',), 'clip_vision': ('CLIP_VISION',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('EMBEDS', 'EMBEDS')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('pos_embed', 'neg_embed')
    FUNCTION = 'encode'
    CATEGORY = 'ipadapter/embeds'

    def encode(self, ipadapter, image, weight, mask=None, clip_vision=None):
        if 'ipadapter' in ipadapter:
            ipadapter_model = ipadapter['ipadapter']['model']
            clip_vision = clip_vision if clip_vision is not None else ipadapter['clipvision']['model']
        else:
            ipadapter_model = ipadapter
            clip_vision = clip_vision
        if clip_vision is None:
            raise Exception('Missing CLIPVision model.')
        is_plus = 'proj.3.weight' in ipadapter_model['image_proj'] or 'latents' in ipadapter_model['image_proj'] or 'perceiver_resampler.proj_in.weight' in ipadapter_model['image_proj']
        if mask is not None and mask.shape[1:3] != torch.Size([224, 224]):
            mask = mask.unsqueeze(1)
            transforms = T.Compose([T.CenterCrop(min(mask.shape[2], mask.shape[3])), T.Resize((224, 224), interpolation=T.InterpolationMode.BICUBIC, antialias=True)])
            mask = transforms(mask).squeeze(1)
        img_cond_embeds = encode_image_masked(clip_vision, image, mask)
        if is_plus:
            img_cond_embeds = img_cond_embeds.penultimate_hidden_states
            img_uncond_embeds = encode_image_masked(clip_vision, torch.zeros([1, 224, 224, 3])).penultimate_hidden_states
        else:
            img_cond_embeds = img_cond_embeds.image_embeds
            img_uncond_embeds = torch.zeros_like(img_cond_embeds)
        if weight != 1:
            img_cond_embeds = img_cond_embeds * weight
        return (img_cond_embeds, img_uncond_embeds)
```