# Documentation
- Class name: IPAdapterSaveEmbeds
- Category: ipadapter/embeds
- Output node: True
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/cubiq/ComfyUI_IPAdapter_plus.git

The IPAdapterSaveEmbeds node is designed to store embeddings generated by an image processing system. Its purpose is to persist these embeddings to disk in a structured manner for easy retrieval and further analysis. This node plays a critical role in the workflow, ensuring that the output of the embedding process is not lost, thereby facilitating subsequent tasks such as model training or feature comparison.

# Input types
## Required
- embeds
    - The 'embeds' parameter is essential to the node, as it represents the embeddings to be saved. It is the core data of the node's operation, and its proper handling ensures the integrity of the embedding process. This parameter directly affects the node's execution, determining the data to be persisted.
    - Comfy dtype: EMBEDS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
## Optional
- filename_prefix
    - The 'filename_prefix' parameter is used to define the starting part of the filename for saving the embeddings. It is important for organizing and identifying the saved files. This parameter allows users to categorize embeddings based on the context or type of the input data.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str

# Output types
- None
    - The node does not return any value; its primary function is to save the embeddings to a file. The absence of a return value indicates the completion of the save operation.
    - Comfy dtype: None
    - Python dtype: NoneType

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class IPAdapterSaveEmbeds:

    def __init__(self):
        self.output_dir = folder_paths.get_output_directory()

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'embeds': ('EMBEDS',), 'filename_prefix': ('STRING', {'default': 'IP_embeds'})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ()
    FUNCTION = 'save'
    OUTPUT_NODE = True
    CATEGORY = 'ipadapter/embeds'

    def save(self, embeds, filename_prefix):
        (full_output_folder, filename, counter, subfolder, filename_prefix) = folder_paths.get_save_image_path(filename_prefix, self.output_dir)
        file = f'{filename}_{counter:05}.ipadpt'
        file = os.path.join(full_output_folder, file)
        torch.save(embeds, file)
        return (None,)
```