# Documentation
- Class name: IterativeMixingSchedulerAdvanced
- Category: sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/ttulttul/ComfyUI-Iterative-Mixer

The IterativeMixingSchedulerAdvanced node is designed to generate a series of noise levels, i.e., sigmas, for the iterative sampling process. It intelligently adjusts sampling steps based on the denoising parameter, ensuring the output is fine-tuned to the desired noise reduction level. This node plays a key role in controlling the sampling schedule of advanced iterative sampling techniques, contributing to the overall quality and efficiency of the sampling process.

# Input types
## Required
- model
    - The model parameter is critical to the node's operation, as it defines the generative model to which the scheduler will be applied. It directly affects the quality and type of sigmas generated, which is essential for the sampling process.
    - Comfy dtype: MODEL
    - Python dtype: comfy.model_management.Model
- scheduler
    - The scheduler parameter determines the scheduling strategy to be used during the sampling process. It is a key factor in computing sigmas, and thus influences the overall performance of iterative sampling.
    - Comfy dtype: SCHEDULER_NAMES
    - Python dtype: str
- steps
    - The steps parameter specifies the number of iterations or steps to be performed during the sampling process. It is an important factor in controlling the duration and granularity of the sampling schedule.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- start_at_step
    - The start_at_step parameter allows customization of the starting point of the sampling schedule. It can be used to skip initial steps or begin sampling at a specific point in the process.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- end_at_step
    - The end_at_step parameter defines the endpoint of the sampling schedule. It can be used to limit the number of steps executed, stopping the sampling process at a predetermined point.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- denoise
    - The denoise parameter adjusts the level of noise reduction during the sampling process. It is a key factor in determining the quality of the final output, achieved by controlling the strength of the denoising steps.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float

# Output types
- sigmas
    - The sigmas output represents the sequence of noise levels generated by the node. These values guide the iterative sampling process, steering the model toward producing higher-quality output.
    - Comfy dtype: SIGMAS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class IterativeMixingSchedulerAdvanced:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'model': ('MODEL',), 'scheduler': (comfy.samplers.SCHEDULER_NAMES,), 'steps': ('INT', {'default': 20, 'min': 1, 'max': 10000}), 'start_at_step': ('INT', {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 10000}), 'end_at_step': ('INT', {'default': 10000, 'min': 0, 'max': 10000}), 'denoise': ('FLOAT', {'default': 1.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.01})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('SIGMAS',)
    CATEGORY = 'sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers'
    FUNCTION = 'get_sigmas'

    @torch.no_grad()
    def get_sigmas(self, model, scheduler, steps, start_at_step, end_at_step, denoise):
        sigmas = None
        cs = comfy.samplers.calculate_sigmas_scheduler
        if denoise is None or denoise > 0.9999:
            sigmas = cs(model.model, scheduler, steps).cpu()
        else:
            new_steps = int(steps / denoise)
            sigmas = cs(model.model, scheduler, new_steps).cpu()
            sigmas = sigmas[-(steps + 1):]
        if end_at_step is not None and end_at_step < len(sigmas) - 1:
            sigmas = sigmas[:end_at_step + 1]
        if start_at_step is not None:
            if start_at_step < len(sigmas) - 1:
                sigmas = sigmas[start_at_step:]
            else:
                return torch.Tensor([])
        return (sigmas,)
```