# Documentation
- Class name: LCMScheduler
- Category: sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/jojkaart/ComfyUI-sampler-lcm-alternative

The LCMScheduler node aims to generate a schedule of sigma values for diffusion models. It calculates sigma values based on a uniform schedule by utilizing the specified model, which is crucial for controlling variance during sampling steps. This node abstracts the complexity of underlying computations and provides a simple interface for obtaining sigma values suitable for the diffusion process.

# Input types
## Required
- model
    - The model parameter is crucial because it represents the diffusion model that the scheduler will use to compute sigma values. This is a mandatory input that directly affects the generated sigma schedule, which is essential for subsequent steps in the diffusion process.
    - Comfy dtype: MODEL
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- steps
    - The steps parameter determines the number of sigma values computed by the scheduler. Although it is optional, it significantly influences the granularity of the sigma schedule, thereby affecting the quality and convergence of the diffusion sampling process.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- sigmas
    - The sigmas output is a series of sigma values generated by the scheduler, which are critical for the diffusion sampling process. Each sigma value corresponds to a specific step in the sampling, guiding the variance of noise added or removed at that step.
    - Comfy dtype: SIGMAS
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class LCMScheduler:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'model': ('MODEL',), 'steps': ('INT', {'default': 8, 'min': 1, 'max': 10000})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('SIGMAS',)
    CATEGORY = 'sampling/custom_sampling/schedulers'
    FUNCTION = 'get_sigmas'

    def get_sigmas(self, model, steps):
        sigmas = comfy.samplers.calculate_sigmas_scheduler(model.model, 'sgm_uniform', steps).cpu()
        return (sigmas,)
```