# Documentation
- Class name: MirroredImage
- Category: ♾️Mixlab/Image
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes.git

This node class aims to create mirrored versions of input images by reflecting the input image collection over the horizontal axis. It is a fundamental tool in image processing tasks, where mirrored images can be used for various purposes such as data augmentation, creating visual effects, or performing symmetry-based analysis.

# Input types
## Required
- image
    - The input parameter 'image' is the image collection to be processed by the node. Each image should be in a format that the node's internal image processing functions can read and manipulate. This parameter is crucial because it directly determines the content and nature of the mirrored images generated by the node.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[IMAGE]
    - Python dtype: List[PIL.Image.Image]

# Output types
- IMAGE
    - The output of the node is a list of mirrored images. Each image in the list is the result of horizontally reflecting the corresponding input image. These mirrored images can be used in various downstream applications, making this output very important for image-related tasks.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO[IMAGE]
    - Python dtype: List[torch.Tensor]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class MirroredImage:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'image': ('IMAGE',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'run'
    CATEGORY = '♾️Mixlab/Image'
    INPUT_IS_LIST = True
    OUTPUT_IS_LIST = (True,)

    def run(self, image):
        res = []
        for ims in image:
            for im in ims:
                img = tensor2pil(im)
                mirrored_image = img.transpose(Image.FLIP_LEFT_RIGHT)
                img = pil2tensor(mirrored_image)
                res.append(img)
        return (res,)
```