# Documentation
- Class name: RandomPrompt
- Category: ♾️Mixlab/Prompt
- Output node: True
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/shadowcz007/comfyui-mixlab-nodes.git

The RandomPrompt node aims to generate diverse prompt sets by combining mutable and immutable text elements. It operates by splitting provided prompts into individual words or phrases, then reassembling them in various combinations. The node also provides functionality to randomly sample a subset of generated prompts based on a specified maximum count, or return all prompts. The process is designed to create a wide range of text inputs for further processing or analysis.

# Input types
## Required
- max_count
    - The 'max_count' parameter determines the maximum number of prompts to generate or sample. It plays a key role in controlling output size and ensuring the node's execution aligns with the desired level of diversity while avoiding overwhelming downstream processes.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- mutable_prompt
    - The 'mutable_prompt' is a string that users can change or combine with other prompts during node operation. It is important because it forms the basis for variability in generated prompts, allowing a wide range of potential outputs.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
- immutable_prompt
    - The 'immutable_prompt' is a fixed string that remains unchanged during node execution. It serves as a constant element merged with the mutable prompt to produce consistent structure in the final prompt set.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: str
## Optional
- random_sample
    - The 'random_sample' parameter indicates whether the node should randomly select a subset of generated prompts. When enabled, it introduces an element of randomness to the selection process, which can be beneficial for applications requiring diverse but limited prompt sets.
    - Comfy dtype: COMBO['enable', 'disable']
    - Python dtype: str
- seed
    - The 'seed' parameter initializes the random number generator in the random sampling process. When a specific seed value is provided, it ensures reproducibility of results, allowing the node to achieve consistent outcomes across multiple executions.
    - Comfy dtype: any_type
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- prompts
    - The 'prompts' output is a list of text prompts generated by combining mutable and immutable text elements. It represents the primary result of node execution and is important for applications using these prompts for further processing or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: STRING
    - Python dtype: List[str]

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class RandomPrompt:
    """
    @classmethod 是Python中的一个装饰器，用于将一个方法标记为类方法。
    类方法是与类相关联的方法，而不是与实例相关联的方法。
    这意味着类方法可以直接通过类进行调用，而不需要先创建一个类的实例。
    """

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'max_count': ('INT', {'default': 9, 'min': 1, 'max': 1000}), 'mutable_prompt': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': default_prompt1}), 'immutable_prompt': ('STRING', {'multiline': True, 'default': 'sticker, Cartoon, ``'}), 'random_sample': (['enable', 'disable'],)}, 'optional': {'seed': (any_type, {'default': 0, 'min': 0, 'max': 18446744073709551615})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('STRING',)
    FUNCTION = 'run'
    CATEGORY = '♾️Mixlab/Prompt'
    OUTPUT_IS_LIST = (True,)
    OUTPUT_NODE = True

    def run(self, max_count, mutable_prompt, immutable_prompt, random_sample, seed=0):
        words1 = mutable_prompt.split('\n')
        words2 = immutable_prompt.split('\n')
        pbar = comfy.utils.ProgressBar(len(words1) * len(words2))
        prompts = []
        for w1 in words1:
            w1 = w1.strip()
            for w2 in words2:
                w2 = w2.strip()
                if '``' not in w2:
                    if w2 == '':
                        w2 = '``'
                    else:
                        w2 = w2 + ',``'
                if w1 != '' and w2 != '':
                    prompts.append(w2.replace('``', w1))
                pbar.update(1)
        if len(prompts) == 0:
            prompts.append(immutable_prompt)
        if random_sample == 'enable':
            prompts = random.sample(prompts, min(max_count, len(prompts)))
        else:
            prompts = prompts[:min(max_count, len(prompts))]
        prompts = [elem.strip() for elem in prompts if elem.strip()]
        return {'ui': {'prompts': prompts}, 'result': (prompts,)}
```