# Documentation
- Class name: ScaledSoftUniversalWeights
- Category: Adv-ControlNet 🛂🅐🅒🅝/weights
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-Advanced-ControlNet.git

The ScaledSoftUniversalWeights class provides a method for generating control weights that are scaled and possibly flipped based on the provided multiplier and flip parameters. It contributes to the customization of control networks by allowing users to adjust the influence and directionality of weight application.

# Input types
## Required
- base_multiplier
    - The base_multiplier parameter is crucial for scaling control network weights. It determines the degree of influence each weight has on the network output. The parameter ranges from 0.0 to 1.0, allowing fine-tuning of the weight's impact.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
## Optional
- flip_weights
    - The flip_weights parameter is an optional toggle that, when enabled, reverses the direction of weight application. This can be important for achieving specific effects or correcting unintended influences in control network behavior.
    - Comfy dtype: BOOLEAN
    - Python dtype: bool

# Output types
- weights
    - The weights output represents a set of control weights generated by the node. These weights are crucial for shaping the behavior of the control network and are influenced by the input parameters.
    - Comfy dtype: CONTROL_NET_WEIGHTS
    - Python dtype: ControlWeights
- timestep_keyframe
    - The timestep_keyframe output is a structured representation of time-based control points within a control network. It is important for defining the temporal aspects of weight application over time.
    - Comfy dtype: TIMESTEP_KEYFRAME
    - Python dtype: TimestepKeyframeGroup

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class ScaledSoftUniversalWeights:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'base_multiplier': ('FLOAT', {'default': 0.825, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.001}), 'flip_weights': ('BOOLEAN', {'default': False})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('CONTROL_NET_WEIGHTS', 'TIMESTEP_KEYFRAME')
    RETURN_NAMES = WEIGHTS_RETURN_NAMES
    FUNCTION = 'load_weights'
    CATEGORY = 'Adv-ControlNet 🛂🅐🅒🅝/weights'

    def load_weights(self, base_multiplier, flip_weights):
        weights = ControlWeights.universal(base_multiplier=base_multiplier, flip_weights=flip_weights)
        return (weights, TimestepKeyframeGroup.default(TimestepKeyframe(control_weights=weights)))
```