# Documentation
- Class name: SepconvVFI
- Category: ComfyUI-Frame-Interpolation/VFI
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Fannovel16/ComfyUI-Frame-Interpolation

The SepconvVFI node is designed to perform video frame interpolation using a separable convolutional neural network. It enhances the fluidity and smoothness of transitions between frames in a video sequence, helping deliver a higher quality visual experience without requiring significant computational overhead.

# Input types
## Required
- ckpt_name
    - The checkpoint name is critical for loading pre-trained model weights, which are necessary for the frame interpolation process. It ensures the model can generate accurate and high-quality interpolated frames.
    - Comfy dtype: str
    - Python dtype: str
- frames
    - Input frames are the raw video data that the node processes to create intermediate frames. This input is essential, as it forms the foundation of the interpolation task.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
## Optional
- clear_cache_after_n_frames
    - This parameter determines how often the GPU cache is cleared during processing to maintain optimal performance. It is an optional setting that can help manage system resources.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- multiplier
    - The multiplier affects the number of interpolated frames generated between two input frames. It is an optional parameter that allows users to control the density of interpolated frames.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- optional_interpolation_states
    - This optional parameter provides additional control over the interpolation process, allowing the interpolation state to be customized for each frame.
    - Comfy dtype: INTERPOLATION_STATES
    - Python dtype: InterpolationStateList

# Output types
- output_frames
    - The output_frames parameter contains the interpolated frames generated by the node. These frames are the result of the frame interpolation process and are essential for creating smoother video transitions.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class SepconvVFI:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'ckpt_name': (CKPT_NAMES,), 'frames': ('IMAGE',), 'clear_cache_after_n_frames': ('INT', {'default': 10, 'min': 1, 'max': 1000}), 'multiplier': ('INT', {'default': 2, 'min': 2, 'max': 1000})}, 'optional': {'optional_interpolation_states': ('INTERPOLATION_STATES',)}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('IMAGE',)
    FUNCTION = 'vfi'
    CATEGORY = 'ComfyUI-Frame-Interpolation/VFI'

    def vfi(self, ckpt_name: typing.AnyStr, frames: torch.Tensor, clear_cache_after_n_frames=10, multiplier: typing.SupportsInt=2, optional_interpolation_states: InterpolationStateList=None, **kwargs):
        from .sepconv_enhanced import Network
        model_path = load_file_from_github_release(MODEL_TYPE, ckpt_name)
        interpolation_model = Network()
        interpolation_model.load_state_dict(torch.load(model_path))
        interpolation_model.eval().to(get_torch_device())
        frames = preprocess_frames(frames)

        def return_middle_frame(frame_0, frame_1, timestep, model):
            return model(frame_0, frame_1)
        args = [interpolation_model]
        out = postprocess_frames(generic_frame_loop(frames, clear_cache_after_n_frames, multiplier, return_middle_frame, *args, interpolation_states=optional_interpolation_states, use_timestep=False, dtype=torch.float32))
        return (out,)
```