# Documentation
- Class name: SolidMask
- Category: mask
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

The SolidMask node generates a solid mask with a uniform value across all dimensions. It is ideal for creating a base mask used for further processing or as a starting point for more complex mask operations.

# Input types
## Required
- value
- The `value` parameter defines the uniform value that fills the entire mask. It is critical because it determines the mask's base color or intensity, which can significantly affect subsequent operations or analysis.
    - Comfy dtype: FLOAT
    - Python dtype: float
- width
- The `width` parameter specifies the mask's width in pixels. It is important because it determines the mask's horizontal resolution, which may affect how the mask is processed or displayed.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int
- height
- The `height` parameter sets the mask's vertical height in pixels. It plays a key role in establishing the mask's vertical resolution, which is essential for the mask's use in various application scenarios.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- mask
- The output `mask` is a tensor representing the solid mask generated by the node. It contains the uniform value specified by the `value` parameter across all dimensions, serving as a fundamental component for further image processing tasks.
    - Comfy dtype: MASK
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class SolidMask:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(cls):
        return {'required': {'value': ('FLOAT', {'default': 1.0, 'min': 0.0, 'max': 1.0, 'step': 0.01}), 'width': ('INT', {'default': 512, 'min': 1, 'max': MAX_RESOLUTION, 'step': 1}), 'height': ('INT', {'default': 512, 'min': 1, 'max': MAX_RESOLUTION, 'step': 1})}}
    CATEGORY = 'mask'
    RETURN_TYPES = ('MASK',)
    FUNCTION = 'solid'

    def solid(self, value, width, height):
        out = torch.full((1, height, width), value, dtype=torch.float32, device='cpu')
        return (out,)
```