# Documentation
- Class name: StableCascade_StageC_VAEEncode
- Category: latent/stable_cascade
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI

The `StableCascade_StageC_VAEEncode` node is designed to encode images into latent representations using a Variational Autoencoder (VAE). It upsamples the input image to the desired resolution, then applies the VAE to generate a compressed latent space representation. This node plays a crucial role in image compression and reconstruction processes, enabling more efficient storage and transmission of visual data.

# Input types
## Required
- image
    - The input image parameter is essential for the node's operation, as it is the raw data the node processes to generate the latent representation. The quality and resolution of the input image directly affect the node's output and subsequent performance in any downstream tasks.
    - Comfy dtype: IMAGE
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- vae
    - The VAE parameter represents the Variational Autoencoder model that the node utilizes to encode the input image into the latent space. The choice and configuration of the VAE model significantly impact the node's ability to compress and effectively reconstruct images.
    - Comfy dtype: VAE
    - Python dtype: torch.nn.Module
- compression
    - The compression parameter determines the level of downsampling applied to the image before encoding, which is a critical factor in balancing the trade-off between reconstructed image quality and encoding process efficiency. It allows fine-tuning the node's operation based on specific requirements.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- stage_c
    - The 'stage_c' output represents the compressed latent representation of the input image generated by the VAE. It is a key component in the image processing stage cascade, serving as input for further refinement or analysis in subsequent stages.
    - Comfy dtype: LATENT
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- stage_b
    - The 'stage_b' output is a placeholder latent representation that complements the 'stage_c' output. It is initialized to zeros and can be used for expansion or additional processing in more complex image manipulation pipelines.
    - Comfy dtype: LATENT
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor

# Usage tips
- Infra type: GPU

# Source code
```
class StableCascade_StageC_VAEEncode:

    def __init__(self, device='cpu'):
        self.device = device

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'image': ('IMAGE',), 'vae': ('VAE',), 'compression': ('INT', {'default': 42, 'min': 4, 'max': 128, 'step': 1})}}
    RETURN_TYPES = ('LATENT', 'LATENT')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('stage_c', 'stage_b')
    FUNCTION = 'generate'
    CATEGORY = 'latent/stable_cascade'

    def generate(self, image, vae, compression):
        width = image.shape[-2]
        height = image.shape[-3]
        out_width = width // compression * vae.downscale_ratio
        out_height = height // compression * vae.downscale_ratio
        s = comfy.utils.common_upscale(image.movedim(-1, 1), out_width, out_height, 'bicubic', 'center').movedim(1, -1)
        c_latent = vae.encode(s[:, :, :, :3])
        b_latent = torch.zeros([c_latent.shape[0], 4, height // 8 * 2, width // 8 * 2])
        return ({'samples': c_latent}, {'samples': b_latent})
```