# Documentation
- Class name: DuplicateMasks
- Category: Video Helper Suite 🎥🅥🅗🅢/mask
- Output node: False
- Repo Ref: https://github.com/Kosinkadink/ComfyUI-VideoHelperSuite.git

The DuplicateMasks node is designed to duplicate a given mask into a specified number of instances. Its function is to amplify the input mask, creating multiple copies that can be used in video processing tasks requiring multiple identical masks.

# Input types
## Required
- mask
    - The mask parameter is a key input of the DuplicateMasks node. It represents the mask to be duplicated. The node's function revolves around creating multiple instances of this mask, which is critical to the node's operation and final result.
    - Comfy dtype: Tensor
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
## Optional
- multiply_by
    - The multiply_by parameter determines the number of times the input mask should be duplicated. It is an optional input that directly affects the number of output masks. The default value is set to 1, meaning that if not specified, the node will produce a single instance of the mask.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Output types
- MASK
    - The MASK output is a tensor containing the duplicated masks. It is the main output of the DuplicateMasks node, representing the collective result of the duplication process.
    - Comfy dtype: Tensor
    - Python dtype: torch.Tensor
- count
    - The count output provides the total number of duplicated masks generated by the node. It is an integer representing the number of masks in the MASK output, providing insight into the scale of duplication performed.
    - Comfy dtype: INT
    - Python dtype: int

# Usage tips
- Infra type: CPU

# Source code
```
class DuplicateMasks:

    @classmethod
    def INPUT_TYPES(s):
        return {'required': {'mask': ('MASK',), 'multiply_by': ('INT', {'default': 1, 'min': 1, 'max': BIGMAX, 'step': 1})}}
    CATEGORY = 'Video Helper Suite 🎥🅥🅗🅢/mask'
    RETURN_TYPES = ('MASK', 'INT')
    RETURN_NAMES = ('MASK', 'count')
    FUNCTION = 'duplicate_input'

    def duplicate_input(self, mask: Tensor, multiply_by: int):
        full_masks = []
        for n in range(0, multiply_by):
            full_masks.append(mask)
        new_mask = torch.cat(full_masks, dim=0)
        return (new_mask, new_mask.size(0))
```